[Music]
what happened photo we gonna sleep that
is all yeah all right well uh I better
go yeah I think that would be best
so all right I'll talk to you later okay
but not about this don't never never
uh bye don't touch no hey just uh
brought back your videos hey Ross look
uh I think we need to talk about before
no no we don't yes we do now look that
was the best nap I ever had I don't know
what you're talking about
come on admit it that was the best nap
you ever had
better okay
when alright alright it was the best I
said it okay
but it's over Joey I want to do it again
we can't do it again why not it cause
it's weird
fine you want something to drink sure
what do you get warm milk and excedrin
pm
well I'll tell ya a judging stuff took a
lot out of me yeah yeah see about maybe
going upstairs and taking a little nap
on my couch what why would I care about
that no reason I'm just saying that uh
that's where I'll be
[Applause]
great nap it really was
you
don't flip the holy good
excuse me